# CS-340-Client-Server-Dash-MongoDB
# How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?

I like to write code the right time the first time. I do not leave stray testing lines unless I think they would be mission critical to future me, I comment all my code thoroughly, and I ensure that my code's formatting makes the structure very clear. I also make sure that I complete each operation very clearly. This sometimes leads my code to have more lines than it absolutely must, but it makes some operations clearer. The advantages of working in this way is not needing to re-acclimate with your code when you return to it after a break or at the beginning of a new session. with everything as clear as possible, it makes life easier. I could use this python code in the future on personal projects. I won’t be able to use the exact same code, but the base structure provides a great starting point for a mongo database application. I really enjoyed working with mongo and dash and I may find myself working with it in the future. 

# How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?

I usually approach a problem heuristically, separating each required operation into its own function and keeping things separated. This way, it is easier to interface with your application and use it to get something useful done with your code in a variety of different implementations. My approach did not differ much from my other assignments for the most part. However, working with dash involved a lot more experimentation than I am used to. In the future, I will continue to keep each required functionality separate from the others and keep the code adaptable.

# What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

When you boil it down, computer scientists solve problems typically math or data problems. This is important because these problems are sometimes problems that effect humanity. This project would help a dog rescue service immensely in finding the exact types of dog they need for their rescue work. If I had more time to work on this, I would have included a text index on the breed so that all the various mixes could be found instead of only the exact breed they asked for. This could be included as an option in the top bar along with the other radio buttons. 
